Needed :

* Local mongodb install
* Run bundle install to make sure all gems are installed

h1. How to run

* Start mongodb server
* Start solr server with @sunspot-solr start@
* Start a queue of workers (see resque doc) : @QUEUE=* rake resque:work@
* Start a local server : rails server

This is still very early stage.

h2. How does it work ?

Loox is a rails app embedding various background processing code, workers and parsers.
Asynchronous work is handled by a mongoid version of resque, which queue items to be processed.

h3. Workers

Workers are the basic object called to work on queues and are stored in @/lib/worker/@. There are two main types :

* @AnalyzePath@ is the main worker, working on the @base@ queue. It gets a @collection_id@, @parent_id@ (id of the parent directory) and full path.
It creates/loads the element if it exists and call any @BaseParser@ or subclass on it. This worker is the initial/main crawler for the collection.
Parsers should be quick for this worker, to avoid blocking the crawl of the collection (basically filesystem parsers)
* @ParseQueue@ and subclasses are used to simply parse a specific queue. They will watch for the queue and run specific classes of parsers on it.
* The main example of a @ParseQueue@ worker is the @FileChanger@ worker, which is used by default to parse (using any subclass of @Parser::FileChangeParser@)
files that have been marked as changed. These include slower parsers

h3. Parsers

Parsers are stored in both @/app/models/parser@ (for basic parsers, like filesystem stuff) and @/lib/parser/@ for more advanced parsers.

* @BaseParser@ are too be loaded in the @base@ queue. These are file crawling parsers.
* @FileChangeParser@ is defined in @/app/models@ but is just there to be subclassed by any slower parser that wants to be called everytime a file seems to have changed.

Parsers will only be called if they exist as documents in the mongoid database.
Adding a parser is very simple : in rails console :
@ MyParserType.create(:mime_types => ["/audio/"], :priority => 0)@
